hey guys major chaos have i got a Mac 10
light battery for you like it check it
out okay so let's go take a look inside
with a kit and see what's in ok so here
we go let's open it up here we have a
paper here's what's in the kit we have
clips bearing of stuff have these zip
ties have magnets what actually
activates on the bike
of the sensor that actually closed from
magnetic into electric and bike light
the front and here is the bank so let's
go and put this on fight okay so we have
the bike absolute right there and we
have two separate pieces right here take
the first one slide it in like so up and
move our
the top like this
this will sit right there
second piece
under the same thing second piece
so second piece goes in 60
again sits right in the center it take
bone snaps snap it in take second snob
snap it in
like so okay then you take the other to
make sure it's snug on the inside excel
I'm going to basically have it set up
right there ok so then what you're going
to do is you take your clips check these
things right here I'm going to clip it
in as tight as you possibly can which is
very simple to flip it and LexA say just
clip put a clip on each side for three
sides put another one right there great
over here so say now it's clipped in
then you do the same thing
the other side
is to more clicks that need to go so
there's one right here
here that stays in place another one
here
and that stays in place the last one
we'll go over this side
stay in place just like that
Oh something by quick and did very fast
that install and setup so let's see you
at the next up ok so now that you have
other clips in the next step is to take
the two screws but you have a clipped
you have a temporary clip the right
there leave inset let's go and screw it
in so let's do that
we'll just put one in like so
screw it in
it's in place
so I'll go go to the next up okay so we
finally got everything set up so here we
have the backlight let me have the field
there's the there's the channel right
all right there the bar attached you
know I have to do is climb in and
they're ready to set up so here's what
we're going to do is we're going to take
our light I'm gonna put the light right
there okay i'ma spin the beyond okay
stairs the bike and when i try to do
this i'll show you spin the wheel
that's ready to go how you can
actually adjust the generator so you can
get my darkness
and it goes to adjust the sensitivity to
it so but that's pretty much what
happens see now it's a steady one
and the B are still coming on the lights
still on so that's pretty much it do it
also for the front like tail and check
it out it's mag 10 light com post the
link in the sidebar you guys that piece